item.xuranium.name=Xuranium
item.pikarium.name=Pikarium
item.diarium.name=Diarium
item.etix.name=Etix
tile.xuranium_block.name=Xuranium Block
item.xuranium_sword.name=Sword  Xuranium
item.xuranium_shovel.name=Shovel  Xuranium
item.xuranium_axe.name=Axe Xuranium
item.xuranium_pickaxe.name=Pickaxe  Xuranium
item.xuranium_houe.name=Hoe Xuranium
item.xuranium_helmet.name=Helmet  Xuranium
item.xuranium_chesplate.name=Chestplate  Xuranium
item.xuranium_leggins.name=Leggings Xuranium
item.xuranium_boots.name=Boots  Xuranium
itemGroup.tuto=Hexopia tab
tile.ore_xuranium.name=Xuranium Ore
item.katana.name=Katana
item.admin.name=ADMIN SWORD
item.pikarium_helmet.name=Helmet  Pikarium
item.pikarium_chesplate.name=ChestPlate  Pikarium
item.pikarium_leggins.name=Leggings Pikarium
item.pikarium_boots.name=Boots  Pikarium
tile.ore_pikarium.name=Pikarium Ore
item.pikarium_sword.name=Sword  Pikarium
item.pikarium_shovel.name=Shovel  Pikarium
item.pikarium_axe.name=Axe Pikarium
item.pikarium_pickaxe.name=Pickaxe  Pikarium
item.heal_stick.name=Heal  Stick
tile.tnt_block_special.name=TNT Xuranium
item.hammer_xuranium.name=Hammer  Xuranium
item.hammer_pikarium.name=Hammer  Pikarium
item.hammer_diarium.name=Hammer  Diarium
item.glaive.name=Glaive
item.diarium_helmet.name=Helmet  Diarium
item.diarium_chesplate.name=Chestplate  Diarium
item.diarium_leggins.name=Leggings Diarium
item.diarium_boots.name=Boots  Diarium
tile.ore_diarium.name=Diarium Ore
tile.ore_etix.name=Diarium Ore
item.diarium_sword.name=Sword  Diarium
item.diarium_shovel.name=Shovel  Diarium
item.diarium_axe.name=Axe Diarium
item.diarium_pickaxe.name=Pickaxe  Diarium
tile.cave_block.name= Cave Block
item.etix_helmet.name=Helmet  Etix
item.etix_chesplate.name=ChestPlate  Etix
item.etix_leggins.name=Leggings Etix
item.etix_boots.name=Boots  Etix
