item.xuranium.name=Xuranium
item.pikarium.name=Pikarium
tile.xuranium_block.name=Xuranium Block
item.xuranium_sword.name=Sword  Xuranium
item.xuranium_shovel.name=Shovel  Xuranium
item.xuranium_axe.name=Axe Xuranium
item.xuranium_pickaxe.name=Pickaxe  Xuranium
item.xuranium_helmet.name=Helmet  Xuranium
item.xuranium_chesplate.name=Chestplate  Xuranium
item.xuranium_leggins.name=Leggings Xuranium
item.xuranium_boots.name=Boots  Xuranium
itemGroup.tuto=Hexopia tab
tile.ore_xuranium.name=Xuranium Ore
item.katana.name=Katana
item.admin.name=ADMIN SWORD
item.pikarium_helmet.name=Helmet  Pikarium
item.pikarium_chesplate.name=ChestPlate  Pikarium
item.pikarium_leggins.name=Leggings Pikarium
item.pikarium_boots.name=Boots  Pikarium
tile.ore_pikarium.name=Pikarium Ore
item.pikarium_sword.name=Sword  Pikarium
item.pikarium_shovel.name=Shovel  Pikarium
item.xuranium_axe.name=Axe Pikarium
item.xuranium_pickaxe.name=Pickaxe  Pikarium