item.xuranium.name=Xuranium
item.pikarium.name=Pikarium
item.diarium.name=Diarium
tile.xuranium_block.name=Block de Xuranium
item.xuranium_sword.name=Ep√©e en Xuranium
item.xuranium_shovel.name=Pelle en Xuranium
item.xuranium_axe.name=Hache en Xuranium
item.xuranium_pickaxe.name=Pioche en Xuranium
item.xuranium_helmet.name=Casque  Xuranium
item.xuranium_chesplate.name=Plastron  Xuranium
item.xuranium_leggins.name=Jambiere Xuranium
item.xuranium_boots.name=Botte  Xuranium
itemGroup.tuto=Hexopia tab
tile.ore_xuranium.name=Xuranium Minerais
item.katana.name=Katana
item.admin.name=ADMIN SWORD
item.pikarium_helmet.name=Casque  Pikarium
item.pikarium_chesplate.name=Plastron  Pikarium
item.pikarium_leggins.name=Jambiere Pikarium
item.pikarium_boots.name=Botte  Pikarium
tile.ore_pikarium.name=Pikarium Minerais
item.pikarium_sword.name=Epee  Pikarium
item.pikarium_shovel.name=Pelle  Pikarium
item.pikarium_axe.name=Hache Pikarium
item.pikarium_pickaxe.name=Pioche  Pikarium
item.heal_stick.name=Heal  Stick
tile.tnt_block_special.name=TNT Xuranium
item.hammer_xuranium.name=Hammer  Xuranium
item.glaive.name=Glaive
item.diarium_helmet.name=Casque  Diarium
item.diarium_chesplate.name=Plastron  Diarium
item.diarium_leggins.name=Jambiere Diarium
item.diarium_boots.name=Botte  Diarium
tile.ore_diarium.name=Diarium Minerais

item.pikarium_sword.name=Epee  Pikarium
item.pikarium_shovel.name=Pelle  Pikarium
item.pikarium_axe.name=Hache Pikarium
item.pikarium_pickaxe.name=Pioche  Pikarium